Ports server to 514, updates atmos to TauCeti state. (#6568)
discordia-space/CEV-Eris: config/example/config.txt

## Remove the # to allow special 'Easter-egg' events on special holidays such as seasonal holidays and stuff like 'Talk Like a Pirate Day' :3 YAARRR
ALLOW_HOLIDAYS

> ##Defines the FPSfor the world. 30 is the normal one, 45+ is smoother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Defines the FPS for the world. 30 is the normal one, 45+ is smoother.
```
